So let's provide this reducer in our application so that we actually have a ngi our next door.
Right now we don't have to.
We just added to follow.
We're not using energy or acts at all and it's false.
We do but they aren't registered in our app so let's register them and we do this in our app module
for this eagerly loaded module which shopping list is.
So they're all we have to do is we simply go to our imports here and we add a new one to store module
which you have to import from Engy our X store here.
Now adding a alone doesn't do it.
You need to call for root there because it's for our main application for eagerly loaded modules not
lazy loaded ones and forward takes one argument a javascript object where you now simply add all your
different reducers.
In this case we have the shopping list part of our application and I want to point to the shopping list
reducers there is a shopping list reducers What's the name of the function.
We can simply add that import now pointing to the shopping list folder to the store folder in there.
And of course the shopping lists reducers fall.
So this will simply at this register district user and why adding this line a.r X will set up a store
register a shopping list for user as one thing that can add it to store and initial state as one piece
of the overall application state.
Now let's see if that worked by getting that state and dispatching an action.
Let's start by getting the state first.